# Code of Conduct

## Quick Version

The organizers and participants of this Workshop are dedicated to
providing a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of
gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation,
disability, physical appearance, body size, race, or religion. We do
not tolerate harassment of participants in any form.

This code of conduct applies to all Workshop sponsored spaces,
including Workshop Slack channel, GitHub repository source code and
issues, as well as any other spaces that Workshop hosts, both online
and off. Anyone who violates this code of conduct may be sanctioned or
expelled from these spaces at the discretion of the Workshop
organizers.

Some Workshop-sponsored spaces may have additional rules in place,
which will be made clearly available to participants. Participants are
responsible for knowing and abiding by these rules.

## Definitions

Harassment includes:

- Offensive comments related to gender, gender identity and
  expression, sexual orientation, disability, mental illness,
  neuro(a)typicality, physical appearance, body size, race, or
  religion

- Unwelcome comments regarding a person’s lifestyle choices and
  practices, including those related to food, health, parenting,
  drugs, and employment

- Deliberate misgendering or use of ‘dead’ or rejected names

- Gratuitous or off-topic sexual images or behaviour in spaces where
  they’re not appropriate

- Physical contact and simulated physical contact (eg, textual
  descriptions like “*hug*” or “*backrub*”) without consent or after a
  request to stop

- Threats of violence

- Incitement of violence towards any individual, including encouraging
  a person to commit suicide or to engage in self-harm

- Deliberate intimidation

- Stalking or following

- Harassing photography or recording, including logging online
  activity for harassment purposes

- Sustained disruption of discussion

- Unwelcome sexual attention

- Pattern of inappropriate social contact, such as requesting/assuming
  inappropriate levels of intimacy with others

- Continued one-on-one communication after requests to cease

- Deliberate “outing” of any aspect of a person’s identity without
  their consent except as necessary to protect other Workshop participants or
  other vulnerable people from intentional abuse

- Publication of non-harassing private communication

## Reporting

If you are being harassed by a member of the Workshop community,
notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other
concerns, please contact the Workshop organizers. If the person who is
harassing you is on the team, they will recuse themselves from
handling your incident. We will respond as promptly as we can.

This code of conduct applies to Workshop sponsored spaces, but if you
are being harassed by a member of the Workshop community outside our
spaces, we still want to know about it. We will take all good-faith
reports of harassment by Workshop participants seriously. This
includes harassment outside our spaces and harassment that took place
at any point in time. The abuse team reserves the right to exclude
people from the Workshop community based on their past behavior,
including behavior outside Workshop spaces and behavior towards people
who are not in the Workshop community.

## Consequences

Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to
comply immediately.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the Workshop
organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, up to and
including expulsion from all Workshop spaces and identification of the
participant as a harasser to other Workshop participants or the
general public.
